Now we're ready to put together the login screen.
OK, so it's going to look something like this.
Now there's one thing that you will notice that we have this a reader that seems like something that
we've done before.
So if we go back to our splash screen, you can see that we have this is what I call my logo.
So this structure here is what shows.
At least I should say this text here breathes this right.
It's what outputs this logo.
What I can do I can refactor this because I want to reuse that can right click and say what factor?
And let's say into a function.
This list naming that function, I'm going to say Wheater logo, and this is going to be a composable.
Of course, like this.
All right.
So we have this readable logo there.
I see that it's down here.
And what I can do also a quick passing modifier just in case I want to modify my cellphone and pass
a modifier to say we have a default modifier sign required if we don't add it and I'm going to pass
an actual modifier modifier.
It's going to be our modifier that we're passing their modifier, les.
Such not.
What are you padding of bottom padding of about six dpi to give that nice space at the bottom?
OK.
In this case here, I don't need to pass where we're calling it read a logo.
I don't need to pass anything, but in other cases, I may want to add or passing a modifier to change
the look of our logo.
So this is a good idea.
And so instead of our reader logging screen here, this is what I'm going to use that.
Reader, right, a reader this logo and add other elements as well.
OK, so back to our reader screen here.
We no longer need the just the text ahead and optimize the imports.
OK, so first thing, first put a surface there and I'm going to pass a modifier.
I feel, Max, say Phil.
Max sighs, it's not adding the modifier, OK, modifier.
So I'm going to say fuel excise that will include the will that will include the height and the width
just.
OK, and then inside, let's just get rid of unnecessary redundancy there.
That's a column and this column here, I'm going to make sure that horizontally we are center, horizontally
aligned and we'll say vertically arrangement, just start at the top.
Well, the first thing we want to add, of course, you see, I'm going to add the logo so conveniently
it can just go ahead and say her logo or such.
This is private.
Let's just say fun so that we can access anywhere else we want now to make things even better.
We can remove it from here and add it into our components like so that it's its own entity and we can
always get that.
And I say components.
It's the file and then pass and that composable there.
So now I can just go ahead and of course, we need to import that to make it work and let's get rid
of components and here as well, we have to do the same separating all the concerns.
So it's good.
OK, this is no longer needed.
Let's remove the by optimizing our imports.
OK, let's go.
And run, the app might as well.
OK, two seconds and we should go to.
Wonderful a reader.
All right.
So the idea now is to continue, of course, and add other elements here.
So let's start with putting together this structure at the top here, which is the fields text fields
now because I know that I will need two fields here.
I think it would be helpful if I created a structure or in this case, a composable that will create
that will allow me to actually create one field and then I can multiply or I can reuse that I compose
wall to create the next field.
OK.
I think that will be kind of helpful.
And most importantly, what I'm going to do, actually, I'm going to combine these two into one composable.
We'll see why.
The reason why is because you see here I have this other option.
If you are a new user, then you will have to sign up.
So instead of having to create a new set of fields, right in this case, text field, I'll just have
to reuse these text fields to create that new to create or sign up the new user.
All right, you'll see that in action.
So outside of our reader logic outside of a reader log in screen there, what I'm going to do is.
I'm going to create a another function composable here, and it's going to be fun.
Call this user form.
OK, very good.
All right.
So let's add a preview here, so we're able to hopefully get to see what we are working with.
So let's construct our user form.
So first, we are going to pass in a few variables here, few properties there we need.
Some say, well, email why this is going to be this state.
Remember savable when I say, remember here now there's one topic that we haven't talked about.
Now we've just used remember as such and it works fine.
But there is another version of Remember Posé called Remember Savable?
What is this?
Well, the Remember savable.
It actually remembers this value that we have here beyond the configuration changes.
So imagine imagine that your user is typing something and then somehow they decide they're interrupted,
right?
Or they decided to turn the phone or they decide to rotate the phone.
And then that means then this data will be lost.
Now, if you say, remember a savable, the state is going to be lost, which means the values that
they are entering it, it's going to be recomposed along and it will stay there beyond rotation.
That is something to keep in mind.
So I'm going to use remember receivable.
So we know.
All right.
So in this case, it's going to be a mutable state.
Of and going to be just a string like this.
First of all, you put that all in hopes that we can go ahead and convert a single lambda line lambda
there to the same thing with password
mutable state.
All of them, they're going to just restructure this to.
And then going to create another one for password visibility because I want to be able to toggle the
visibility of password, right?
This.
Remember, savable again, keeps adding this should probably get a different one.
OK.
Mutable state of, I'm going to say, false in the beginning, and then I'm going to say Val, say password
focus request like this.
It's going to be a focus
request.
That default?
Yeah.
And then I'm going to pass the keyboard controller.
There's just going to be the local software keyboard controller because we want to be able to say one,
be able to get control over the keyboard so it can do things like.
Hiding it and so forth, so I say that current and foul, I'm going to put a valid let's just say,
remember in this case and in this case, we want to validate these two fields.
So I'm going to put that in sort of remember value here.
That way, we are able to check that.
So what is that?
We want to validate what we can pass inside of these constructor?
Remember the email that value and the password that value goes are the values we want to validate how
well I'm going to say email.
That value is going to go ahead and invoke the trim method.
And if it's not empty like this and password value trim that to get the pure item, it's not empty as
well.
If that's true, then we know that this is going to be valid, which means which means which means we're
good to go.
Right now, we're having an issue here.
If you have over going to say this API is experimental, OK, and is likely to change in the future.
Now this is the beauty.
Or guess the ugly side of is because it's still being worked on, which means a few of these APIs we're
using maybe change or removed later.
OK.
And so we need to acknowledge that indeed, this is something that we are willing to live with by adding
these experimental compose UI annotation to the form like this?
OK.
There we go.
Once you do that, then that goes away.
OK, so we really haven't put together the the structure here, which has put in together the infrastructure,
the variables that we need.
So what we want to do is see all of these are laid out vertically as a see, so we want to make sure
that we put inside of a column.
That's the layout element that we've seen and we love.
So right outside here, let's create a column.
Now in our column here, just remember something every time you adding some sort of place where you
can add data in this case text field, it's important to have some sort of squirrel ability if need
be, because remember what will happen special with text field whenever you click on the text field,
the focus change everything, which means then the keyboard appears, which may bump this entire view
upward and kind of obscure out part of the user interface.
So having some sort of scroll ability is always a good idea.
We can do that by saying following I'm going to create another variable here.
Say Foul call is modifier.
It's going to be a modifier type someone say is equal to modifier.
And then I'm going to add versus add a height of about 250 dpi.
Let's import the dpi there.
OK.
And then I'm going to add a background color and just material theme that colors background.
OK?
And then I'm going to add the vertical scroll state.
So in this case, and I say, remember?
Scroll state.
Just use that as such.
OK, and that modifier, I'm going to pass inside here, say modifier.
Just pass this modified there.
It's easier that way instead of polluting this entire constructor there.
All right.
So we can continue, of course, and say horizontal alignment.
I want this to be centered horizontally and vertical alignment or arrangement difference in language
there.
In fact, I don't need anything vertically.
I think there should be good for now.
OK, so let's go inside of our column here.
This is where we can start putting together this structure.
And that's what we're going to be doing in the next video.